docs/tracker.md, before:

#Purpose of the line tracker

<p align = justify>The line tracker allows the robot to move autonomously in its storages areas. The robot is able to follow a line and recognize Apriltags to stop when it is necessary.</p>

##The RODEP's work area

<p align = justify>Here is an example of the orgazination of the robot's work area :<br/></p>


##Line tracker operation

<p align = justify>The Raspberry Pi Camera allows to obtain RGB images. These images are passed to HSV format in order to permform a thresholding on them thanks to OpenCV.<br/>

The principle of thresholding is to set a minimum and a maximum for the value of H, S and V. For each pixel in HSV image, the function test if the value of H, S and V are between the minimum and the minimum. If it is the case then the pixel turns to white otherwise it turns to black.<br/>

Here is 3 lines of the Python code to obtain the 3 mask with the thresholding :<br/></p>

<code> apriltag\_mask = 255-cv2.inRange(frame\_HSV, (140,110,0), (180,200,255)) 
blue\_line\_mask = 255-cv2.inRange(frame\_HSV, (110,170,0), (130,255,255)) 
green\_line\_mask = 255-cv2.inRange(frame\_HSV, (80,60,0), (110,170,255)) </code>

<p align = justify>For the next step it is neccessary to have the objects in black on a white background. So, this is the reason of the <code>255-cv2.inrange(...)</code> to invert the colors.<br/>

Here are examples of masks obtained with the thresholding :<br/></p>

##Error calculation

<p align = justify>Now that the lines are detected, the error must be defined and calculated to allow the robot to modifify its trajectory. The chosen line tracking technique is the one where we take the average of the pixels belonging to the line and we want to realign this average with the center of the image. So, the calculated error is the difference between the average of the pixels belonging to the line and the center of the image.<br/>

The following scheme represent and define the error :<br/>

<p align = justify>This error is used for the motor control. The operation of the motor control is explained on the next page.<br/></p>

Commit message:

adding text for playground, image missing

docs/tracker.md, after:

#Purpose of the line tracker

<p align = justify>The line tracker allows the robot to move autonomously in its storages areas. The robot is able to follow a line and recognize Apriltags to stop when it is necessary.</p>

##The RODEP's work area

<p align = justify>Here is an example of the orgazination of the robot's work area :<br/>

add picture of workstation

The picture above shows the playground of the RoDeP. There are 2 branches, a blue and a green one, and the tags are in red. These colors ease the work of the algorithm of movement.<br/>
The tags are April Tags (or AT for the rest of the doc). The one on top is number zero, and is used to find the scanner. The green and blue ways have the numbers in opposite order, so that the robot deposite the plant the further, and grab the closer one, and avoid any collision.<br/>
The green one is the path where the plants are stored, before launching the program. The grey squares are where the plants are. They are located 21 cm after the corresponding tag, for the gripper to have a good take of the pot. Each AT is separated by ... cm, center from center.<br/>
The blue path is where the plants are hoarded after the scanning operation. Here, no grey square, for it is useless, as the work has been done.<br/>
The curve has been deisgned to reducde the sharpness of the way, and avoid any suddent change of direction.<br/></p>

<br/></p>


##Line tracker operation

<p align = justify>The Raspberry Pi Camera allows to obtain RGB images. These images are passed to HSV format in order to permform a thresholding on them thanks to OpenCV.<br/>

The principle of thresholding is to set a minimum and a maximum for the value of H, S and V. For each pixel in HSV image, the function test if the value of H, S and V are between the minimum and the minimum. If it is the case then the pixel turns to white otherwise it turns to black.<br/>

Here is 3 lines of the Python code to obtain the 3 mask with the thresholding :<br/></p>

<code> apriltag\_mask = 255-cv2.inRange(frame\_HSV, (140,110,0), (180,200,255)) 
blue\_line\_mask = 255-cv2.inRange(frame\_HSV, (110,170,0), (130,255,255)) 
green\_line\_mask = 255-cv2.inRange(frame\_HSV, (80,60,0), (110,170,255)) </code>

<p align = justify>For the next step it is neccessary to have the objects in black on a white background. So, this is the reason of the <code>255-cv2.inrange(...)</code> to invert the colors.<br/>

Here are examples of masks obtained with the thresholding :<br/></p>

##Error calculation

<p align = justify>Now that the lines are detected, the error must be defined and calculated to allow the robot to modifify its trajectory. The chosen line tracking technique is the one where we take the average of the pixels belonging to the line and we want to realign this average with the center of the image. So, the calculated error is the difference between the average of the pixels belonging to the line and the center of the image.<br/>

The following scheme represent and define the error :<br/>

<p align = justify>This error is used for the motor control. The operation of the motor control is explained on the next page.<br/></p>
